Enterprise Docs: Caching: Update query caching docs for 8.0 (#34104)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/enterprise-configuration.md

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v7.5 and later versions.

When query caching is enabled, Grafana can temporarily store the results of data source queries and serve cached responses to similar requests.

### backend

The caching backend to use when storing cached queries. Options: memory

> > **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, but does not enable query caching for any data source. To enable query caching for a data source, refer to the data source’s configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, but it does not enable query caching for any data source. To enable query caching for a data source, update the setting on the data source’s configuration page.
```

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v7.5 and later versions.

When query caching is enabled, Grafana can temporarily store the results of data source queries and serve cached responses to similar requests.

> ### backend

Author: This is consistent with other config sections, so I'd opt to keep it as-is for now until making a change across the board.

The caching backend to use when storing cached queries. Options: memory

### enabled

Setting 'enabled' to `true` allows users to configure query caching for data sources.

This value is `true` by default.

> > **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, but it does not turn on query caching for any data source. To turn on query caching for a data source, update the setting on the data source’s configuration page. See the [query caching docs]({{< relref "./query-caching.md#enable-and-configure-query-caching" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, but it does not turn on query caching for any data source. To turn on query caching for a data source, update the setting on the data source configuration page. For more information, refer to the [query caching docs]({{< relref "./query-caching.md#enable-and-configure-query-caching" >}}).
```

### ttl

> Time to live (TTL) is the time that a query result is stored in the caching system before it is deleted or refreshed. This setting defines the time to live for query caching, when TTL is not configured in a data source's settings. The default value is `5m` (5 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Time to live_ (TTL) is the time that a query result is stored in the caching system before it is deleted or refreshed. This setting defines the time to live for query caching, when TTL is not configured in data source settings. The default value is `5m` (5 minutes).
```
